{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deflang1033\plain\margl1440\margr1440\fs24\fet1{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\slmult1\qc\b{{\fs24 References}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Fremont Earthquake Exhibit Walk. (2024). Retrieved December 1, 2024, from Msnucleus.org website: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.msnucleus.org/haywardfault/signs/signindex.html"}}{\fldrslt https://www.msnucleus.org/haywardfault/signs/signindex.html}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Thatcher, W. (1999). Present-Day Deformation Across the Basin and Range Province, Western United States. {\i Science}, {\i 283}(5408), 1714\uc0\u8211 1718. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1126/science.283.5408.1714"}}{\fldrslt https://doi.org/10.1126/science.283.5408.1714}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 The Ring of Fire. (n.d.). Retrieved December 1, 2024, from www.usgs.gov website: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.usgs.gov/media/images/ring-fire"}}{\fldrslt https://www.usgs.gov/media/images/ring-fire}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Tripadvisor. (2024). Retrieved December 2, 2024, from Tripadvisor website: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attractions-g51935-Activities-Klamath_Falls_Oregon.html"}}{\fldrslt https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attractions-g51935-Activities-Klamath_Falls_Oregon.html}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Understanding plate motions [This Dynamic Earth, USGS]. (n.d.). Retrieved December 1, 2024, from pubs.usgs.gov website: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://pubs.usgs.gov/gip/dynamic/understanding.html#anchor19173262"}}{\fldrslt https://pubs.usgs.gov/gip/dynamic/understanding.html#anchor19173262}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 USGS. (2011). What is a fault and what are the different types? Retrieved from Usgs.gov website: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.usgs.gov/faqs/what-a-fault-and-what-are-different-types"}}{\fldrslt https://www.usgs.gov/faqs/what-a-fault-and-what-are-different-types}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 USGS. (2019). ArcGIS Web Application. Retrieved from Arcgis.com website: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://usgs.maps.arcgis.com/apps/webappviewer/index.html?id=5a6038b3a1684561a9b0aadf88412fcf"}}{\fldrslt https://usgs.maps.arcgis.com/apps/webappviewer/index.html?id=5a6038b3a1684561a9b0aadf88412fcf}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Volcanic Ash Impacts & Mitigation - Density & Thickness of Ash Are Necessary for Calculating Load. (n.d.). Retrieved December 1, 2024, from volcanoes.usgs.gov website: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://volcanoes.usgs.gov/volcanic_ash/density_thickness.html"}}{\fldrslt https://volcanoes.usgs.gov/volcanic_ash/density_thickness.html}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Volcanic Hazards at Mount Rainier | U.S. Geological Survey. (2023, November 8). Retrieved December 1, 2024, from www.usgs.gov website: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.usgs.gov/volcanoes/mount-rainier/science/volcanic-hazards-mount-rainier"}}{\fldrslt https://www.usgs.gov/volcanoes/mount-rainier/science/volcanic-hazards-mount-rainier}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Wikipedia Contributors. (2022, August 2). 1993 Klamath Falls earthquakes. Retrieved December 1, 2024, from Wikipedia website: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1993_Klamath_Falls_earthquakes"}}{\fldrslt https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1993_Klamath_Falls_earthquakes}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl480\sa0\fi-720\li720\slmult1 Wikipedia Contributors. (2024, October 8). Pelican Butte. Retrieved December 1, 2024, from Wikipedia website: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pelican_Butte"}}{\fldrslt https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pelican_Butte}}\par}}
}
